some 143 a psalm of david hear my prayer
some 143 a psalm of david hear my prayer O Lord give ear to my supplications in
O Lord give ear to my supplications in
O Lord give ear to my supplications in your faithfulness answer me and in your
your faithfulness answer me and in your
your faithfulness answer me and in your righteousness do not enter into judgment
righteousness do not enter into judgment
righteousness do not enter into judgment with your servant for in your sight no
with your servant for in your sight no
with your servant for in your sight no one living is righteous for the enemy is
one living is righteous for the enemy is
one living is righteous for the enemy is persecuted my soul he has crushed my
persecuted my soul he has crushed my
persecuted my soul he has crushed my life to the ground he has made me dwell
life to the ground he has made me dwell
life to the ground he has made me dwell in darkness like those who have long
in darkness like those who have long
in darkness like those who have long been dead therefore my spirit is
been dead therefore my spirit is
been dead therefore my spirit is overwhelmed within me my heart within me
overwhelmed within me my heart within me
overwhelmed within me my heart within me is distressed I remember the days of old
is distressed I remember the days of old
is distressed I remember the days of old I meditate on all your works my muse on
I meditate on all your works my muse on
I meditate on all your works my muse on the work of your hands I spread out my
the work of your hands I spread out my
the work of your hands I spread out my hands to you my soul longs for you like
hands to you my soul longs for you like
hands to you my soul longs for you like a thirsty land answer me speedily Oh
a thirsty land answer me speedily Oh
a thirsty land answer me speedily Oh Lord my spirit fails do not hide your
Lord my spirit fails do not hide your
Lord my spirit fails do not hide your face from me lest I be like those who go
face from me lest I be like those who go
face from me lest I be like those who go down into the pit cause we to hear your
down into the pit cause we to hear your
down into the pit cause we to hear your loving-kindness in the morning
loving-kindness in the morning
loving-kindness in the morning freeing you do I trust cause me to know
freeing you do I trust cause me to know
freeing you do I trust cause me to know the way in which I should walk for I
the way in which I should walk for I
the way in which I should walk for I lift up my soul to you deliver me O Lord
lift up my soul to you deliver me O Lord
lift up my soul to you deliver me O Lord for my enemies in you I take shelter
for my enemies in you I take shelter
for my enemies in you I take shelter teachmeet into your will for you are my
teachmeet into your will for you are my
teachmeet into your will for you are my god your spirit is good lead me in the
god your spirit is good lead me in the
god your spirit is good lead me in the land of uprightness revive me O Lord for
land of uprightness revive me O Lord for
land of uprightness revive me O Lord for your name's sake for your righteousness
your name's sake for your righteousness
your name's sake for your righteousness sake bring my soul out of trouble in
sake bring my soul out of trouble in
sake bring my soul out of trouble in your mercy cut off my enemies and
your mercy cut off my enemies and
your mercy cut off my enemies and destroy all those who afflict my soul
destroy all those who afflict my soul
destroy all those who afflict my soul for I and your servant